Added step to identify MFA preventing login for all clients (#82794)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-desktop/troubleshoot-azure-ad-connections.md

If you come across an error saying **Your account is configured to prevent you from using this device. For more information, contact your system administrator**, ensure the user account was given the [Virtual Machine User Login role](../active-directory/devices/howto-vm-sign-in-azure-ad-windows.md#azure-role-not-assigned) on the VMs. 

> ### Sign in failed. Incorrect username and password or your credentials did not work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### I can't sign in even though I'm using the right credentials
```

> If you experience a login problem presented by incorrect user credentials and have verified they are correct and have ruled out other errors verify that Conditional Access policies excludes multifactor authentication requirements on the **Azure Windows VM Sign-in** cloud application. Follow the instructions in [Enable multifactor authentication](deploy-azure-ad-joined-vm.md#enabling-mfa-for-azure-ad-joined-vms)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you experience a login problem presented by incorrect user credentials and have verified they are correct and have ruled out other errors verify that Conditional Access policies excludes multifactor authentication requirements on the **Azure Windows VM Sign-in** cloud application. Also verify that you have assigned the **Virtual Machine User Login** RBAC permissions on the VM or Resource Group for each user. Follow the instructions in [Enable multifactor authentication](deploy-azure-ad-joined-vm.md#enabling-mfa-for-azure-ad-joined-vms)
```

> If you experience a login problem presented by incorrect user credentials and have verified they are correct and have ruled out other errors verify that Conditional Access policies excludes multifactor authentication requirements on the **Azure Windows VM Sign-in** cloud application. Follow the instructions in [Enable multifactor authentication](deploy-azure-ad-joined-vm.md#enabling-mfa-for-azure-ad-joined-vms)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the service keeps giving you a prompt that says you aren't using the right credentials despite checking to make sure they're right, then your conditional access policy may be blocking multifactor authentication. Follow the instructions in [Enable multifactor authentication](deploy-azure-ad-joined-vm.md#enabling-mfa-for-azure-ad-joined-vms) to check your conditional access policy on the **Azure Windows VM Sign-in** cloud application and enable multifactor authentication, if necessary. Also, make sure you've assigned the **Virtual Machine User Login** RBAC permissions on the VM or resource group for each user.
```

> [!WARNING] 

> > Per-user Enabled/Enforced Azure AD Multi-Factor Authentication is not supported for VM Sign-In. This setting causes Sign-in to fail with “Your credentials do not work.” error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> VM sign-ins don't support per-user enabled or enforced Azure AD multifactor authentication. If you try to sign in with multifactor authentication on a VM, then you won't be able to sign in and will receive an error message.
```

> If you are able to access your AAD Sign-in logs through Log Analytics you can verify whether MFA is being applied and what Conditional Access policy is triggering the event. The events shown are the non-interactice user login event that is performed at the VM and therefore the IP address will appear to come from the external IP address that your virtual machine accesses AAD from. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are able to access your Azure AD Sign-in logs through Log Analytics you can verify whether MFA is being applied and what Conditional Access policy is triggering the event. The events shown are the non-interactive user login events that are performed at the VM and therefore the IP address will appear to come from the external IP address that your virtual machine accesses Azure AD from. 
```

> If you are able to access your AAD Sign-in logs through Log Analytics you can verify whether MFA is being applied and what Conditional Access policy is triggering the event. The events shown are the non-interactice user login event that is performed at the VM and therefore the IP address will appear to come from the external IP address that your virtual machine accesses AAD from. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can access your Azure AD sign-in logs in Log Analytics, you can check to see if your users are signing in with multifactor authentication. The logs also show you which conditional access policy is triggering the event. The events the log shows are non-interactive user sign-ins in the VMs, which means the IP address will show the external IP address that the VM accesses Azure AD from.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can access your sign-in logs by running the following Kusto query:

```

If you come across an error saying **Your account is configured to prevent you from using this device. For more information, contact your system administrator**, ensure the user account was given the [Virtual Machine User Login role](../active-directory/devices/howto-vm-sign-in-azure-ad-windows.md#azure-role-not-assigned) on the VMs. 

### I can't sign in even though I'm using the right credentials

> If you experience a login problem presented by incorrect user credentials and have verified they are correct and have ruled out other errors, verify that Conditional Access policies excludes multifactor authentication requirements on the **Azure Windows VM Sign-in** cloud application. Also verify that you have assigned the **Virtual Machine User Login** RBAC permissions on the VM or Resource Group for each user. Follow the instructions in [Enable multifactor authentication](deploy-azure-ad-joined-vm.md#enabling-mfa-for-azure-ad-joined-vms)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can't sign in and keep receiving an error message that says your credentials are incorrect, first make sure you're using the right credentials. If you keep seeing error messages, ask yourself the following questions:

- Does your Conditional Access policy exclude multifactor authentication (MFA) requirements for the Azure Windows VM sign-in cloud application?
- Have you assigned the **Virtual Machine User Login** role-based access control (RBAC) permission to the VM or resource group for each user? 

If you answered "no" to either of these questions, follow the instructions in [Enable multifactor authentication](deploy-azure-ad-joined-vm.md#enabling-mfa-for-azure-ad-joined-vms) to reconfigure your multifactor authentication.
```

> [!WARNING] 
> VM sign-ins don't support per-user enabled or enforced Azure AD multifactor authentication. If you try to sign in with multifactor authentication on a VM, then you won't be able to sign in and will receive an error message.

> If you are able to access your Azure AD Sign-in logs through Log Analytics you can verify whether MFA is being applied and what Conditional Access policy is triggering the event. The events shown are the non-interactive user login events that are performed at the VM and therefore the IP address will appear to come from the external IP address that your virtual machine accesses Azure AD from. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can access your Azure Active Director (AD) Sign-in logs through Log Analytics, you can see if you've enabled MFA and which Conditional Access policy is triggering the event. The events shown are non-interactive user login events for the VM, which means the IP address will appear to come from the external IP address that your VM accesses Azure AD from. 
```

If you come across an error saying **Your account is configured to prevent you from using this device. For more information, contact your system administrator**, ensure the user account was given the [Virtual Machine User Login role](../active-directory/devices/howto-vm-sign-in-azure-ad-windows.md#azure-role-not-assigned) on the VMs. 

### I can't sign in even though I'm using the right credentials

> If you experience a login problem presented by incorrect user credentials and have verified they are correct and have ruled out other errors verify that Conditional Access policies excludes multifactor authentication requirements on the **Azure Windows VM Sign-in** cloud application. Also verify that you have assigned the **Virtual Machine User Login** RBAC permissions on the VM or Resource Group for each user. Follow the instructions in [Enable multifactor authentication](deploy-azure-ad-joined-vm.md#enabling-mfa-for-azure-ad-joined-vms)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you experience a login problem presented by incorrect user credentials and have verified they are correct and have ruled out other errors, verify that Conditional Access policies excludes multifactor authentication requirements on the **Azure Windows VM Sign-in** cloud application. Also verify that you have assigned the **Virtual Machine User Login** RBAC permissions on the VM or Resource Group for each user. Follow the instructions in [Enable multifactor authentication](deploy-azure-ad-joined-vm.md#enabling-mfa-for-azure-ad-joined-vms)
```

> [!WARNING] 
> VM sign-ins don't support per-user enabled or enforced Azure AD multifactor authentication. If you try to sign in with multifactor authentication on a VM, then you won't be able to sign in and will receive an error message.

If you are able to access your Azure AD Sign-in logs through Log Analytics you can verify whether MFA is being applied and what Conditional Access policy is triggering the event. The events shown are the non-interactive user login events that are performed at the VM and therefore the IP address will appear to come from the external IP address that your virtual machine accesses Azure AD from. 

> You can access your sign-in logs by running the following Kusto query:

Reviewer 2: I think this line is now duplicated. One should be removed.

Author: Removed the duplicate line. Thanks
